Timing and Subtitles by the I'm Trapped Team @ Chiblitokyo.blogspot.com
Cheese In The Trap
I'm not kidding. You really do look old.
Look in the mirror, you'll be shocked.
Sunbae.
I heard there's a thief in the neighborhood.
Just in case, I checked the door and the windows.
Yes.
It's funny. Yoo Jeong caring about others.
Because she's my girlfriend.
No wonder. Because of this great girlfriend of yours,
you cut off my sister?
Seol, go upstairs first. Go in.
Okay.
Is that why? Because I was hitting on your girlfriend?
I forgot about how you backstab people.
I am going to put your sister's place on the market. Don't you think it's too luxurious for a woman with no income?
You jerk. Seriously.
Or you can quit your job at the academy.
Then, I'll think about it.
You must be bothered that I'm back.
But what will you do? I don't plan on going back to the way you want, even if I die.
Is that so?
Why? Do you also want to break my right hand?
Do you really want that?
Of course, this is the moment I like the most.
When your mask is removed.
Let's see each other often, Yoo Jeong.
Episode 5
Sunbae, wait a minute!
Sunbae.
I told you to avoid him, but he even walks you home?
No, it wasn't on purpose.
It's because it was raining and we didn't have an umbrella.
We met at the academy by chance and we were going the same way--
Why didn't you tell me?
I thought that it would bother you.
I'm sorry.
But, Sunbae, why are you getting mad?
Do as I say. If I said to avoid him, then you should've avoided him no matter what.
Sunbae never talks to me about him.
But I too...
Why?
I too, have held back for a long time.
Why should I avoid Baek In Ho?
Why do I absolutely need to do whatever you tell me to do?
I need to be convinced so I can decide on whether to avoid him or not.
You said you weren't friends. Are you saying you won't avoid him if I don't tell you?
Is that the only reason... why I should avoid him?
Let's stop this. I don't want to fight with you.
- Go home and we'll talk about it tomo--  - When tomorrow comes,
what will be different?
Whether I apologize or ask questions, you don't listen.
Without an explanation, you tell me to avoid him, to stop this, but what can I do?
What am I to you?
Is this dating?
I'm leaving.
Hello? Oh, Bo Ra.
Seol, what should I do?
What's wrong? Did something happen?
I called when he was on the floor.
He couldn't talk, so I called 119.
What did you say?
Dad...
What about the floor?
Dad is...
Bo Ra, where are you? I'm going there right now.
Okay, I'll be right there.
Let's talk.
- Later.
- Seol!  - Bo Ra's father collapsed!
I understand, so let's take my car.
Is he in critical condition?
Bo Ra went home and found her father passed out on the floor.
She must be alone right now. Ever since her mom passed away, she's been alone.
I'll drive faster.
Noona Bo Ra!
Why? Why did you just come? Why? You jerk.
Are you alright?
What is going to happen to my dad? What will happen if something goes wrong?
Bo Ra, I'm sorry. Don't cry, I'm sorry.
Everything will be alright.
How will I live if something happens to my dad?
Don't talk like that. It's going to be okay. Trust me.
Bo Ra!
Seol, Seol.
It's going to be alright. It's going to be alright.
Excuse me, do you have an empty room?
I think she is exhausted from crying so much.
Please follow me this way.
Have her lie down in there for now. We'll stay here.
Let me down, I can walk.
Sit down. Let's wait sitting down.
Don't worry.
Because she's my girlfriend.
That's interesting.
It's really interesting.
Do you want to sleep?
No, I'm going to wait here.
Why? If you sleep, Bo Ra's father won't get worse.
That's right, but...
Operating room is ready, right?
- Is the anesthesiologist on his way?  - The doctor is on the way.
What's wrong?
No, blood.
It's the hospital. Are you not familiar with it? It'll be alright.
The guardian for patient Jang Yeong Hoo?
That's Bo Ra's father.
I'll go.
Patient Jang Young Hoo had a cerebral hemorrhage.
But I think he'll be alright since we caught it early.
Thank you.
It's really a relief.
Then, you should get some sleep.
I'll go get some blankets.
I like that I can lean on him, but...
But something's been off since earlier.
♫ You probably hated me today ♫
♫  I hate myself sometimes too ♫
♫  Even so please don't hate me ♫
♫  Can you just recognize me? ♫
♫ No matter what anyone says or how I am ♫
Surgery is over for patient Jang Yeong Hoo.
You can go to the recovery room.
Yes.
Did you wake up?
Uhm, I heard. Let's go.
Thank you.
Bo Ra.
Thank goodness he is over the critical stage.
They say he was very lucky.
You suffered. Don't worry too much.
Thank you for staying with me this late.
My dad's friends are coming, so you can go home.
I'm going to stay here.
Really?
How can I leave Noona alone?
Seol, go home. Sunbae, go home too.
See you.
Do you know how many times I called you? You were playing games, weren't you?
Ah, did I? I don't remember--
You can't be found when I need you.
I don't like you...
From now on, I won't ignore your calls.
- Really, let go.  - Never.
You smell.
Go wash up. Don't even come near me.
What? How can I smell?
It smells good.
I'm sorry.
It wasn't right for me to get mad.
No, I did wrong.
Let's sit for a moment.
Baek In Ho...
He is a grandson of the professor my father used to respect.
When Professor passed away, my family took him in and supported him.
In Ho played piano really well.
But, in a fight in high school, he hurt his hand.
And he thinks that it's my fault.
I've told him numerous times that it was not.
But, the misunderstanding is still there.
That's why I told you to avoid him.
Just in case he would do something weird to you, since he has bad feelings towards me.
Is my explanation enough?
He says it's simply a misunderstanding, but it feels like something deeper.
Sure, let's believe Sunbae for now.
Yes.
Seol, are you uncomfortable with me?
You didn't answer my calls yesterday and you've been acting strangely.
That's right, rather than continuing to bottle it up...
To be honest...
Nam Joo Yeon came by today at the department.
Do you remember when I hurt my arm during midterms?
I got injured fighting with a homeless person the day before.
Nam Joo Yeon says that it was her doing.
And that she asked for your help,
but you just left.
After hearing those words, I felt upset.
You knew about the situation, but still didn't help me.
Why did you ask to date me?
I called the security guards.
What?
I said that to Nam Joo Yeon,
but I called the security guards and patrolled with them right away.
I asked you the day afterwards if you were hurt,
but you told me it because of a tuna can.
I thought you hid that fact in case there were rumors.
But, you...
Did you just believe Nam Joo Yeon, like that?
No, I mean...
It's quite upsetting.
I'm sorry.
From now on, if there's something upsetting, I will talk you right away to avoid misunderstandings.
I also, from now on, won't do things that make you mad.
I didn't eat the whole day.
Ah, when I went to get the blankets,
I thought you might be hungry, so I bought these.
Ah, really?
Triangle kimbap.
I'll open it.
I will eat well.
He doesn't like chaos.
Even if he is misunderstood, he won't try to explain himself unless asked first.
That's right, that's Sunbae's way.
Like Sunbae said, let's forget the past.
Let's forget everything and start anew.
That's how it should be.
Excuse me.
Did you go home well yesterday?
Aigoo, who is this? Isn't it Yoo Jeong's girlfriend?
Your face look bright today. Did something good happen?
About yesterday, I'm so—
You're diligent, you're never late and even come early.
Of course, Yoo Jeong's girlfriend is different.
Study well.
What's this?!
Hey, are you going home?
Leave first, I will go home after you.
If your boyfriend knew we were together, he'd really hate it.
The same neighborhood of all places?
That's right. Your boyfriend would also really hate us doing this now. So go, hurry go.
He didn't come today? Your boyfriend didn't come today?
Excuse me. Why do you keep picking fights with me?
What? When did I pick a fight with you?
What are you so unhappy about?
If you have something to say, then just say it. And stop picking fights.
Something to say?
Okay, I should say it. From now on, let's pretend we don't know each other.
You are not comfortable about it either.
How do you feel? Aren't you really glad? Aren't you totally thankful I brought it up first?
Yes! I'm totally thankful!
Your words sure are pretty.
You said they're setting up a restaurant soon, didn't you?
Yes, a noodle restaurant.
I went yesterday and the interior was pretty good.
It's roomy. You should go there sometime. My mom's noodles are really delicious.
That's a bit... Isn't it too early for the meeting of the families?
What?
What is this?!
Don't do that.
That wasn't funny?
I wanted to make you laugh.
Ah. No, it was funny.
Tomorrow night I'll buy you dinner.
What do you want to eat? I'll buy anything you want.
I'm a woman who got paid.
Then I can eat something extremely expensive, right? Like a full course or something.
Ah, so funny. You're joking again.
You can stop now.
I get it.
I was joking too.
I got it. We'll eat whatever you want.
No, let's eat what you want.
Let's eat anything then.
Sunbae, I was joking.
He expects to study in a place like this?
Look at the clothes he took off.
Aigoo.
He's drinking instead of studying.
Honey, you're home?
Where were you and what were you doing?
My middle school alumnus came, so I just met him briefly out front.
Middle school alumnus? Who?
You know... From back then...
Who?
Why are you always lying?
My mom really missed me.
I went to see my mom for a bit before my father woke up.
Then go to your mother.
Go eat and live well.
Yoon Seob, why would you say that?
How can you just leave? Talk to me before leaving, huh?
- Eat breakfast and then go.- Eat by yourself.
No, you should eat breakfast and then go. Even so...
Ahjusshi, Ahjusshi.
Excuse me.
Who is it?
He's the landlord's grandson. What are you doing here?
Ah, hello.
I was exercising this morning and remembered the window I fixed for you.
So I thought I'd check if it was okay.
At this hour?
Yes.
But are you two living together?
Whether we live together or not, what's it to you?
Ah, nothing. That's that.
But, please don't come too often. The contract for this place is for one person alone.
Yes, then.
Wait, this person...
- I'm sorry. - If you're giving them money, then why? Huh?
- Don't you pay?- Come inside.
Who is that guy?
- The landlord's grandson, I said.- Why did he come at this hour?
Why so serious?
Since it's the first time I'm buying, I want to get something good.
Ah a coupon?
Ah, I know. What is it this time?
Today it's this.
Special Summer Vacation Student Discount  40% off ₩43,200
We can eat this then.
- Really?  - Yes.
Excuse me.
I thought you'd be concerned, so I want to tell you this.
Don't worry too much because I don't talk to Baek In Ho much these days.
If something happens, tell me right away.
How did you become friends with Bo Ra and Eun Taek?
I got to know Eun Taek through Bo Ra.
I met Bo Ra in high school in my junior year.
At first, I was a little scared of her because she was so aggressive.
But as we got closer, we talked really easily.
When I think about it, there are people who are just like their first impression.
And there are people who are completely the opposite.
How about me?
We weren't like this last year.
After spending time with me, what do you think?
I like it.
That's how it is for me.
M-Me too.
♫  Can't be known ♫
It's quite chilly out.  ♫ Open your heart ♫
♫ Call my name out again ♫
The motorcycle.
Ah, I'm sorry.
No, no, it's okay.
♫ Please hold my hand ♫
- Sunbae, what are you looking at?- Oh, a watch.
So you like watches. You always wear the same one, so I didn't know.
♫  I am not just saying these words ♫
That's pretty.
♫ Oh what shall we do? ♫
Oh, hey, Seol, this looks just like you. Look at this.
I don't think it's the same.
I think it looks the same. With curly red hair.
Let's each get one.
I'll buy that for you too.
Does it really resemble me?
Well, it does a little bit.
Today, as well, I just received.
That watch, earlier.
I want to buy it for him.
Sunbae, did you get back okay?
Yeah, I got back okay.
What about you?
Am I at home? Or not?
I almost sent it.
So cute.
I spent all my money.
I said I spent all my money. Are you ignoring my calls?
I said that it looks like your sister is about to starve to death, you punk.
And you call yourself my brother?
Who studies while walking?
And even while drinking water. Is that okay?
That's why English is a problem in our country.
No matter how well you speak, will you become a Korean-American?
You said to pretend we don't know each other.
Do I know you?
I'm cleaning, so can you please move?
Wait, wait a minute.
No, I didn't do it on purpose.
Did it get very wet?
Hey Dog fur, are you mad?
You're not being cute at all!
What are those two doing?
Pay for these with yours.
Who are you?
My sugar level is dropping, so let me quickly settle the bill.
- Can you really shine shoes well?- Yes, of course.
I'm not sure about this...
Okay, take the shoes.
Ah, do I have to give this to you or not?
You should give it to me. Since I told you I'd shine your shoes.
Here. But, you better only copy it once.
- Yes- I'm going to watch you.
Thank you.
Hey, hey! You better not run off with those shoes, they're expensive!
- I won't run off!- They're expensive!
I got it.
Let's see...
Hey Dog fur.
As a matter of fact, if you knew what I was doing for you, you'd be shocked.
As if.
- Baek In Ha?  - Aigoo, my Dongsaeng.
Were you really scared because your sister said some mean things?
Where are you right now?
Where else would I be? I'm in front of your work.
Hurry up and prepare what I texted you and come out, or else
I don't know what's going to happen to your pretty girlfriend.
Hey, HEY!
Aigoo, seriously!
I used it well. Thanks to you, my brother is going to come right out.
- I'll be going.- Where are you going?
But what is your relationship with my brother?
He is not the type who'd be nice to just anyone.
It's not the relationship you're thinking of.
Baek In Ho and I just know each other.
Oh... You just know each other?
Yes. Enough to greet each other when we come and go.
- Oh, if it's enough to greet each other when you come and go— You can't.- You can't. Baek In Ha!
- then he came too fast. Too fast. - Hey! Hey!
So noisy, so noisy.
Did you get hit?
Take this and go back. Return it to Instructor Baek after copying it.
Follow me while I'm speaking nicely.
Come here!
Come see me! Follow me!
Please save me!
- Be quiet!- Let go!
Are you crazy?
Have you lost it? Why mess with her?
Crazy punk. Like you say, have you lost it?
You think you can date in the state you're in? She would be weird to do so.
Quit talking nonsense. Talking about dating...
I don't care. Just give me money. It's urgent.
Did you cause more trouble?
Causing trouble when I simply borrowed her cellphone?
But it is in your name.
You seriously!
Why?
Do you want to hit me?
Then hit me.
Because you're just like our aunt anyway.
- You.  - Hit me.
Hit me, you crazy Aunt!
- Where do you get off...- Aunt!
No, I didn't!
Come here!
Stop right there!
Open up!
Are you crazy? Why make her mad and let her beat you?
That kind of woman isn't our aunt!
I'm going to open the door!
Let's report her. That kind of woman needs to be put in jail!
If we report her, where will we live? We don't have a mom and dad. And grandfather died.
Don't you know we'll become beggars?
But still, I can't live here!
If you don't open this door on your own,..
What are you doing?
Aunt is going to steal us.
She's going to kill us. Now there's nothing else we can do but to run away.
Hey dummy! If you go out that way, you'll get caught!
Aish, follow me.
Be careful coming down.
Stop right there!
In Ho! Take me! In Ho!
Why are you going by yourself?
Come here!
Come here.
Stop right there!
In Ho. In Ho, what happened?
Hey!
Take me with you! You can't go by yourself!
Ahjusshi!
Take me with you. When grandfather died,
- How dare you bite your aunt?  - Please look at this!
That woman did this!
-I... Stand right there!- Ahjusshi!
Please take me with you! Take me with you!
That woman is evil!
If I act a little pitiful, money comes out.
You pathetic punk.
Still feeling that guilt.
I used the notebook well and returned it.
Thank you.
Just say we're even.
Now I can live.
Hello.
- Please come often.  - Yeah, thank you.
Hey, Owner Hong,
The apron suits you.
Take this over there. Over there.
- A yogurt drink.- Thank you.
See you again!
Apron...
Please enjoy.
Where are you going?
It's so busy I could die.
He'll probably be back soon.
What's with your father?
What's so embarrassing about having a restaurant?
You should know by now how stubborn he is.
He'll be better about it in time. Just give me one rice cake.
I'd like it if he resembled you by even half.
Hey Seol, when you get a chance, call Joon for me.
He's been going crazy the past few days wanting to come back to Seoul after hearing about opening the restaurant.
He doesn't think of studying.
That's what I'm saying.
Hello?
Are you sleeping?
I was helping at the restaurant all weekend.
You must be really tired.
Let's see a movie next time. I'll go to your neighborhood.
Is that so?
There's a place called Alley Tent in front of my home.
Alley Tent?
Yes, I'll go right there.
-...leave a message at the beep...- Oh, lord,
Aunt, give me one more bottle of soju please.
You're drinking every day. How are you going to pass your exam?
Hey, I'll pass this time around. After I drink this one bottle, I'll be sure to pass!
Yoo Jeong?
Yes, I'm Gong Joo Yong
Joo Yong?
It really has been a while, let's drink together.
Let's have a drink together.
Wow, it's been a really long time.
So since you've been in college, I've barely seen you.
It's totally nice to see you.
What's with how you look?
I was kicked out by my family who opposed whom I was dating.
You left home over dating?
That's how it turned out.
But what can I do? There's nobody else who likes me unconditionally.
Hyung. Get your act together and go back to your family.
Hey, do you know anything about love?
You only played around with good looking kids.
I suppose, how can anyone with deep thoughts hang around people like you?
I mean, that is, Jeong, that's not it. I'm not saying you did anything wrong.
Oh, I must be drunk. Just forget everything I said.
You're not going to get mad, are you?
I think you're really drunk. Let's go.
No, no, no. If you can, just buy me a drink.
Let's have just one more bottle. Just one, really.
Seol Hong, what brings you here?
He lives next door to me, and the way he normally speaks is a bit...
How are the two of you together?
What's going on? Do you two know each other?
Are you two dating?
There are a lot of weird punks these days.
Where is he going to use that brick?
That's the direction of Dog Fur's house, though.
I don't know...
Sheesh, not answering the phone.
I should have come out sooner...
Uh this pervert.
Is there nobody else to live with?
I'm going to go crazy? It's probably nothing.
Omo.
Hey you, hang in there, hey.
- Oh...- Oh! Ahhhhh!
Please report this. Report this. So noisy!
- All this blood.- This is the alley in front of the Sinil School. A person has collapsed.
- Report it! Report it!- Please come quickly.
Yes, hurry!
I was abandoned. In a word, I feel like I was dumped.
Hyung.
How...
Let's go home.
The door.
This man.
He didn't even lock the door. Wait a moment.
Careful, careful.
Ohhh...
Let's go.
The key...
What?
What am I supposed to do at times like this?
Do I have to invite him in for a moment? For coffee or ramen?
No, that's weird. That's weird. Think first.
I'd like to do that also, but next time.
Sleep well. And lock up safely.
I was showering not long ago, and he was looking at me through the window.
Who are you calling a pervert?
-He seems like a pervert.-Yes, I understand.
So, please tell me what you were doing and where you were at between 21:00-24:00.
I'm glad you came! I was drinking with this young lady. We were drinking together, weren't we?
Yes, that's right.
Really?
But, not just this incident, but lately in this neighborhood, there is underwear missing.
Pardon me, but I'm going to have to look through your house.
Please go, please dig through everything.
Sweetie, you're not busy, are you? Could you come with me? Thanks.
A pervert like you has to go to jail for you to get your act straight!
Don't make me laugh! I'd never look at yours.
I should move or something. I said there isn't anything!
Yes, yes. Just a moment. I'll just take a look.
Isn't that woman crazy? What is she saying I stole a look at?
It's so frustrating.
What is this?!
Gosh.
What is all this?
This isn't mine! I didn't do this!
Yes, this ahjusshi isn't such a person.
Yes, yes, what? Is yours here, too?
That is, is it just similar?
Similar? What's similar? I didn't do this, someone put it here! Really!
Yes, yes, since the evidence appeared, let's go and talk.
No!
Gong Joo Yong.
Yes, Sunbae. I was about to call you anyway. I'm at the police station.
The police station? Why are you there?
I'm preparing for the civil service exam.
Lately, in my neighborhood, there's something going on with undergarments.
Last night, from 20:00 to 24:00,
The women's underwear was in his house.
From Joo Yong's house?
He says it isn't him, but what can be done?
There's nothing that can be done if the clothes were at the scene.
If he really isn't the criminal, he'll be released soon. Don't worry.
Didn't he say the two of them were close?
The victim that was struck is our Yoon Seob?
Where are you going?! Hey!
If you leave like that, you'll be in more trouble!
What is it?
What is happening?
The next door man and Teacher Heo.
- Oh?- What is she doing there?
I reported it for nothing and get mistaken for the attacker.
This is why they say nothing good comes from helping a stranger. Do you know that?
But still, the person you rescued is a teacher in my major.
You did a good thing.
So, is he okay?
Fortunately, he's okay. But why was he there? My teacher.
But why were you in front of my house?
Huh?
I didn't go to the front of your house on purpose.
I was chasing the punk with the brick and ended up... why would I go there? Geez.
What a strange girl.
Why are you getting so flustered? Who said anything?
No. You didn't say anything.
Anyway, thank you.
If you're thankful, then buy me a meal.
Ah, and also, sorry about my sister. In the future, if you see my sister,
just run. I'm going.
What is that about? Does that make sense?
Am I supposed to believe that?
Is he back?
You're not studying. And you don't answer my calls.
And getting into a situation like this?
Don't get mad. If you get mad, you'll make the blood go to your head.
Is that the problem right now?
- Where are you going?  - Let go.
Honey.
I was just wondering if you were okay.
You, what brings you here?
I live right next door.
Oh, these kids...
Hey, is it fun for the two of you to play with my weaknesses?
Isn't it nice going to school for free these days?
He gave his scholarship to you and got you a job at the department. Your life is beautiful, isn't it?
Eh?
You really don't know?
Yoo Jeong bastard threatened me to discard his report so you would get the scholarship!
What are you talking about? The rich kid who threatened you was Yoo Jeong?
Don't you know?
Huh? Don't you know?
Yeah, Seol. I was on my way there anyway.
Okay. Then I'll go that way.
Seol.
What's wrong?
Why did you hang up so suddenly earlier?
Did something happen?
Sunbae,
Teacher Heo losing that report,
he said that you asked him to deliberately do that so that I could get the scholarship.
Is that true?
Yes.
Why?
Because I didn't want you to take a year off.
But that was when we weren't even talking to each other.
I wanted to get close to you.
Like you said, we weren't even talking then.
And there were misunderstandings between us. And I heard about your year off.
I wanted to help you but didn't have a way to.
So I gave up my scholarship.
You wanted to get close to me.
You wanted to clear up the misunderstanding.
So all semester Teacher Heo
was known as a useless teacher who lost a student's report.
I became the student who received the scholarship unjustly.
And not knowing that, I smiled in front of Teacher Heo and you.
And he just resented and disliked me.
I don't think that Teacher Heo was victimized.
He had done something wrong towards me, and I just asked him to lose the report in return for that.
That's how we settled and ended it.
You are saying you ended it?
Yeah, it's all over with.
Seol, let's not fight over things that already happened.
How is everything always so clear and simple for you?
I told you everything.
Teacher Heo is still being badmouthed by the students.
And he hates me.
Have you ever thought about it from Teacher Heo's perspective?
I'm sorry for being short-sighted.
However, at least...
just know that I did it for your sake.
I'd like if you would know that.
I'm sorry, but I'll get going first.
I'm going to go crazy because my pride is hurt.
And I'm suffocating at the thought that someone became a victim because of me.
I can't really say
that I'm thankful.
Because I don't want to get used to taking what belongs to others.
Without realizing it, I was always receiving from Sunbae.
And the thing that makes me the maddest,
is myself for being shaken by his words that it was for my sake.
She told me to tell her the truth,
so I did that.
Teacher Heo,
where are you?
6 months ago at the end of semester party
Why do you carry this?
I heard the food tastes great.
That's nonsense!
Timing and Subtitles by the I'm Trapped Team @ viki. com
Please throw away my report.
Why would I throw away a perfectly good report?
Please throw it away before it is graded.
- If it's processed as a zero, you're not getting the scholarship?
Yes.
Then let's say I throw away the report,
what am I supposed to tell the professor?
Are you telling me to take the blame? Do you think I'd do that?
I think you'll do that for me.
Why are you doing this to me?
If you did wrong, you should at least pay the price.
Let's call it even after this.
Yoo Jeong is a really scary kid.
If he thinks he's been fooled, then he'll pay back exactly how he got it.
Now what do we do?
If he starts a rumor,
I'm going to find him and either live or die.
There should be a limit to being stupid.
Yoo Jeong.
Who's talking big when they're the one who did wrong?
We clearly agreed that it never happened, but if you start acting like this,
what should I do?
Oh, Jeong. Don't get worked up. Let's talk it out.
Yoon Seob isn't feeling like himself. He hurt his head badly, you see.
Why?
What, What?
- Stop it, Hyung.  - What?
Stop it! Don't do it!
Go and tell them!
Even if his words are annoying, he's a really good person.
Why are you saying that to him? I can just fire her!
Honey.
What are you both?
What a sight...
One person is a credit card thief, and one person is an undergarment thief.
Do your parents know you are doing this?
Yoon Seob had done all that because of me.
And those undergarments, I really don't know anything about.
That's unknown until your charge is dropped.
I knew it, this is Yoo Jeong.
You don't understand anyone's feelings and disregard them. And you step on anyone who gets in your way.
You've become worse than before.
Are you saying it's all because of me?
He ruined everything!
Hyung, too.
And my situation, too!
How could you tell Seol—
Hyung! Hyung! Hyung! Sorry, sorry!
I was wrong. I'll apologize! I'll kneel and beg.
I'll beg like this. So overlook it this once for Yoon Seob.
He is really to be pitied.
He's given up a lot for me! Let it slide this once!
- Let's go. - I'm okay, Honey.- Let's stop.- It's okay!
- Get up.- Jeong, please let it go this once!
Please stop it.
Fine, I'll let it go.
But in return, go back to your family
because I don't like seeing you be like this near Seol.
Jeong, then I...
So should I tell your family
what circumstances you're in?
Hyung.
Be careful.
Joo Yong, are you going to go home?
Huh? Are you going to go to your family?
This is a really long day.
Isn't it, Honey?
So are you going to go back home?
I'm asking if you're going back home?
Let's not get angry today.
You haven't changed at all.
You don't understand anyone's feelings and disregard them. And you step on anyone who gets in your way.
How is everything always so clear and simple for you?
Am I strange? My ways, my thinking.
Why? What?
Yoo Jeong, I did wrong. I was really desperate!
You don't see anything because everyone always says you're kind and adores you and treats you well, huh?
I didn't know it would go this far.
So couldn't you let it go this once, huh, Sunbae?
What's so great about you that you look down on everyone from above?
The one who is really strange isn't me, but it's all of you.
No, it's okay, I'll do it.
No, oohhhh!
You did it too. You caught me and sneered at me.
You judged me and avoided me.
Seol,
I'm not strange.
:♫ Just one belief ♫
:♫ I really wanna take your heart, although it may be scattered ♫
:♫ Because my night is like your day ♫
Why are you stuck here?
Did you two fight? You should kiss when you happily see each other.
- Just break up, you don't suit each other!- Shut your mouth.
Who's the boyfriend here? Hooligan? Model student?
One gets mad at anything, and one asks for a meal over anything.
Hey bastard! Crazy bastard!
How did you get here?
He made you, didn't he? For now, leave this place.
Hong Seol?
I heard you're close with Yoo Jeong these days.
There's no reason for him to be sincere about it.
Why would he have sent me to you?
Someone like him is food for Yoo Jeong.
He's more disposable than gum. Got it?
Should I stay here with you?
What did you like about me?
I thought you didn't like me.
It's a secret.
Are you not going to come anymore?